feat(posts): add event driven architecture post (#1)
xis/notes: event-driven-architecture-topologies.md

Most applications use what is called request-based model, where the client sends a request to the specific endpoint of the server and waits for the response.

>  In event-based model, applications take action when something happens in the system. One of the applications publishes an event, and other applications subscribe to that event. When the event is published, all the subscribers are notified and they take actions based on the event. The event-based model is a very powerful model that allows us to build highly scalable and loosely coupled applications.

Reviewer: ~~The event-based model, on the other hand, puts events at the center. This model allows [Loose coupling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loose_coupling) between the components of a system.~~

## Broker Topology

> In this topology there is a component called *initiating event*. This is the event that starts the process. The initiating event is published to the broker, and the other component which is called *the event processor* gets the event from the broker and processes it. When the event is processed, the event processor publish another event to the broker, and this continue like a chain reaction.

Reviewer: event tipi değil mi **initiating event** dediğin şey?

Reviewer: eğer öyleyse bence olay tiplerini sistemin bileşeni saymasan daha iyi olur.

<img src="broker_topology_structure.svg" width=600>

> In this topology, an event processor continues publishing an event even if there is no subscriber for that event. This practice provides a great flexibility in the system. When a new event processor is added to the system, it can subscribe to the events that is published. For example, there is a system that stores videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this topology, an event processor continues publishing events even if no subscribers exist for that event type. This practice provides excellent flexibility in the system. Event processors can easily be added or removed without interrupting the whole system.  For example, let's imagine a system that stores videos.
```
